MDEE-722: Create public documentation for Catalog Data Exporter troubleshooting (#102)
AdobeDocs/commerce-services: src/pages/catalog-data-export/troubleshooting-and-logging.md

<- [Back to overview page](commerce-data-export-overview.md)

# Troubleshooting and logging
If you do not see expected data in Commerce Service, check if a problem occurred during the sync from the Adobe Commerce instance to the Commerce Service platform.

There are two log files in the `var/log/` directory:

`commerce-data-export-errors.log` - if an error happened during collecting phase
`saas-export-errors.log` - if an error happened during transmitting phase

Check feed payload

> It may be useful to see the feed payload that has been sent to the Commerce Service. This can be done by passing the environment variable EXPORTER_EXTENDED_LOG=1. The no-reindex flag means that only currently collected data is sent.

Reviewer: let's remove `no-reindex` from here and  specify in separate page with other options - it has different behavior depends on mode

Author: Done

``` bash
EXPORTER_EXTENDED_LOG=1 bin/magento saas:resync --feed=products --no-reindex
```
The payload is available in var/log/saas-export.log.

### Preserve payload in feed index table

> Stating from `magento/module-data-exporter:103.0.0` immediate export feeds: product feed, price feeds, keep only the minimum required data in the index table.

Reviewer: probably it would be better to omit version since with 103.3 almost all feeds are on "immediate" mode

Author: Done

Preserving payload data in the index table is not recommended on production, but it may be useful on a developer instance. This is done by passing the PERSIST_EXPORTED_FEED=1 environment variable:

``` bash
PERSIST_EXPORTED_FEED=1 bin/magento saas:resync --feed=products
```

> Profiling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Profiling
```

Author: Done

> If the reindex process of specific feed takes an unreasonable amount of time, run the profiler to collect additional data that might be useful for the Support Team. To do so, pass the EXPORTER_PROFILER=1environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the reindex process of specific feed takes an unreasonable amount of time, run the profiler to collect additional data that might be useful for the Support Team. To do so, pass the EXPORTER_PROFILER=1 environment variable:
```

Can we use `EXPORTER_PROFILER` with saas:resync? IF yes, it's better use "saas:resync" as an example
